♪♪
(grunting)
Anything in those scans?
Well...
For the last time...
you're behind schedule.
Speed up your progress
or we'll find someone who can!
Yes, sir!
Faster, everyone!
Work faster!
I wonder...is this thing
even really down here?
Please, we're working
as fast as we can...
But, sir... huh?
Big bro, it's Mokuba.
Don't worry, we'll find it.
Bye, Grandpa, gotta go.
Wait one second, Yugi.
What's up?
Well, I was wondering...
Wondering what?
I'm kinda late.
I was wondering about Tea,
I haven't seen her lately.
Uhh...
Don't you two always walk
to school together?
Only little kids do that,
Grandpa.
Anyway, gotta run!
(traffic noises)
♪♪
(meowing)
Hey, there.
Yugi!
(Yugi)
Tea.
Hey!
Hi.
Hey.
Great to see you!
Sorry I kept you waiting.
You didn't.
Well, let's go!
Aw, man...
Uhh.
How am I late for school again?!
Rrr!
Sorry, Joey!
It's cool, Sanpei!
Luckily, I skipped
my morning shower!
Whoa!
Don't you know
the speed limit?!
Nope, goin' too fast to see!
(girl)
Oh, you're so funny!
(Tea)
Check it out.
(giggles)
Bakura!
Hey, over here!
I baked this for
you!
(Yugi)
I guess there's just
something
about that accent.
Yugi!
(panting)
(Joey)
Yo, Tristan!
How 'bout a lift, pal?
Sure!
Whoa!
(Joey)
This is gonna be close!
Thanks for holding the door,
Jeeves!
Why you... !
(bell ringing)
No way!
You got in?
That study abroad program's
lucky to have you.
But, aren't you
a little scared?
Well, to be
a professional dancer,
I can't be afraid to bite off
more than I can chew!
If you're as graceful as you
are with those chopsticks...
you'll make it for sure!
I'm so proud that you're
following your dreams, Tea.
(Tristan)
At least someone gets to.
My Dad says that after
I graduate...
I'm gonna have to go work
in his factory.
Hmm.
Chin up, bud,
it could be worse...
I knew a guy whose job was bein'
a professional wrestling dummy!
Okay, fine,
that was me one summer.
But I did learn some moves!
I call this one...
the sleepwich!
Uncle, uncle!
And you, Joey?
You still plan
to become a pro-duelist
after school is over?
You better believe it,
I'll be the champion
of the world in no time!
There's no one out there
who can stop me!
Except our math teacher, who
confiscated your Duel Disk
for polishing it in class
last week.
Though it took guts to do it
during our final exam.
Your turn, Yugi...
It's time to share.
Tell the guys
what your game plan is.
Uh...sure, why not?
I'm going to keep helping
my Grandpa at the game shop
but I'm gonna start creating
my own games, too.
I know it may sound a little
cheesy, but maybe one day...
we'll all be able
to play one together...
That would be lovely, Yugi.
For sure!
In fact, let's promise,
when Yuge's game
makes it big...
We all meet up and play it,
whadaya say, guys?
I'm in!
Yes, me too!
When you say
"big..."
Don't worry...
you'll do it.
Just remember, your friends
believe in you.
Thanks.
And... I believe...
in you all too.
Yeah, It is pretty good, but...
my best trap card--
huh?
What gives?
That kid over there...
in the corner...
Who is he?
You don't remember?
I do... but then again...
I know he's been in our class
all year,
but I can't remember his name.
Am I crazy?
Nah, you're just dumb.
His name's... uh...
Yes, what is it?
Oh, I know...
It's, uh...
Uh, it's....
Oh!
I
remember!
Aigami!
That's his name.
Aigami?
Oh, yeah, Aigami.
How did I forget that?
Right, Aigami...
Take your seats, everyone.
Sit down!
Okay.
Sorry.
(Tea)
Well, Joey, hope you're happy,
you got your Duel Disk back.
(Joey)
Sure did!
Though it could use
another polish!
Still... all good!
Great.
(Joey)
Hey, whatcha got
your deck out for, Yuge?
You wanna take me on
in a duel?
No...
just thinking back.
About what?
About... him.
You mean Atem?
Uh... sorry.
Just forget
that I even brought it up.
Yuge, it's okay...
you guys shared a connection.
It totally makes sense
ya miss him sometimes.
Not just sometimes.
All the time.
It's just that things ended
so suddenly between us...
You used to be a part of me,
but then you weren't
and we had to face each other
in a duel.
A duel to determine whether
I was ready to stand on my own.
And when I defeated you,
you left us, you left me...
forever.
I know it was for the best,
but I wish I just had
one more chance...
to let him know
what he meant to me.
But destiny had
different plans for us.
(Joey)
Uh-oh, trouble!
Huh?
What is it, Joey?
(grunts)
Smile bright, Aigami...
After all, you're the star
of my how-to film on bullying!
Please, please, stop!
'Fraid not--
only I get to yell "Cut!"
(Joey)
Oh, yeah?!
Aah...!
Oof!
That was on purpose!
Joey Wheeler!
What do you want?!
A fight if you
don't let him go!
Aah... you...
meet at the old factory
tonight or else.
Come alone.
(chuckling)
Later,
loser.
Whoa, Aigami!
You all right?
I am now...
thanks to you, that is.
Thanks for
stepping in there.
(Yugi)
Everything okay?!
You're Joey, right?
And Tea... ?
And you...
you're Yugi Muto...
(chuckling)
Isn't that right?
Yeah...but...
Don't we already
know each other?
Yes...
but of course.
Thanks again.
Hold up!
If those mouth-breathing bullies
give you any more trouble...
We can help.
Just say the word!
Thank you...
but I'll be fine.
(Joey)
Well, he ain't much for words.
So how do we know and not
know him at the same time?
Yeah...
wish I had a good answer.
(Tea)
Same here.
No worries.
At least there's always
one thing that's certain...
I'm starving!
Whadaya say we go get
some dirty water dogs?
Yugi's treat.
Or Tea's.
Or I guess
we could call up Tristan.
♪♪
Uhh.
I don't believe it!
The dunce actually showed!
Bad move.
Now then...
whadaya say we get back
to makin' our film?
(chuckles)
I believe
we were at the part...
where you start crying
like a baby.
If he don't cry, Scud,
we got ways to make him.
And it don't involve...
an onion.
Huh? Huh?
(bullies laughing)
(Aigami laughing)
(Scud)
Why are you laughing?
We're serious about
the onion! I, I mean it!
I'm certain you do.
And that is why you must vanish.
Huh?
Do you...
h-have a ...
wand or something?
What I have is the power
to change your pathetic world
into someplace grand...
someplace you don't deserve
to exist.
(gasping)
Who are you?
Even worse,
who are they?!
(Aigami)
Who they are will be
made clear soon enough.
But I'm afraid
you won't be around long enough
to learn this truth.
Look... I'm sorry...
Please, just let me go!
Oh, yes, you'll
be going all right.
To another dimension
more fitting for you.
(groaning)
What's happening to me?!
(groaning louder)
Uh... you don't look so good.
(groaning)
(screaming)
Oh, no, Scud!
He's history!
(bullies gasping)
(Aigami)
No... history is remembered.
(bullies screaming)
I've been waiting
for you... Pharaoh!
Today we settle things
once and for all.
Hmph. I take that to mean
you want to duel... Kaiba.
I certainly didn't go
to all the trouble
of bringing you here
to ask you to dance.
Yes, we'll duel.
And we'll do so with
my new, bleeding-edge,
beyond state-of-the-art
Duel Disk!
I've been waiting for this
a long time, Pharaoh!
Now...prepare to do battle!
And prepare to lose!
Oh, I see you're just as cocky
as ever, Kaiba,
but so be it...
It's time to duel!
Let's begin!
I'll go first... I draw!
Hmm.
I warned you to prepare
for battle, Pharaoh...
but there's no preparing
for this!
I Fusion Summon!
Behold,
Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!
(roars)
Your turn, Pharaoh.
Fine, Kaiba.
I draw!
First I activate the spell card
Dark Magic Veil!
Then by using my life points...
I can summon...
My most ardent ally,
Dark Magician!
Next, I'll play
Thousand Knives
And give your Ultimate Dragon
an ultimate shredding!
I don't think so!
I play my trap!
Dark Sacrifice gives your Knives
a new monster to mince!
Not bad, Kaiba.
Got that right.
Since you failed
to destroy Neo Blue-Eyes,
it can now attack!
And Dark Magician will be
its first victim!
You have no monsters
to protect you, Pharaoh.
You're through!
Wrong!
Huh?
I activated the trap
Time Chain.
Not only does my Dark Magician
survive your attack,
But both he and your Dragon
are locked out of
this duel for two turns.
You're just prolonging
the inevitable,
I will beat you!
(chuckles)
You've been saying that
for years, Kaiba.
I summon Celtic Guard
of Noble Arms
and Celtic Guardian!
(thinking)
Pharaoh... you don't know
how long I've been waiting
to battle you.
The things I've had to do
to make it possible.
But for me,
there never was a choice.
After all, my scars of defeat
run deep, Pharaoh.
Scars you inflicted upon me...
And though they may
never go away,
something can be done to make
them easier to live with.
Inflict upon your enemy
an even greater wound,
a defeat so resounding it leaves
their soul completely crushed!
You're the closest I've ever
had to a worthy adversary.
But you aren't worthy.
And I'm finally going
to prove it!
Two turns have passed, Kaiba,
so Dark Magician is released
from the ties that bind him!
But there's more.
I play Magical Dimension!
Celtic Guard of Noble Arms,
lend me your strength,
and I'll use that strength
for...
Dark Magician Girl!
(giggles)
And with her arrival
comes your monster's departure!
Now go!
Double Dark Magic Attack!
Aah...!
Don't you dare!
Unless you want to fall prey
to my Neo Blue-Eyes
Ultimate Dragon!
That's right.
Call off your attack!
Heh. You could never
stand up to my power.
Not then, not now.
And with this power...
I will crush you!
I beg to differ.
Hah.
Go! Dimension Reflector!
By banishing my two magicians,
this trap transforms
into a Mirror Monster
with the same attack points
as your Neo Blue-Eyes
Ultimate Dragon!
But here's the best part,
you then take damage...
equal to those same
attack points!
You set me up.
It's over, Kaiba!
Huh?
But I knew you'd set me up
so I had this ready...
the Trap Enhanced Counter.
Too bad, Pharaoh...
The damage you sent my way
increases my monster's
attack points instead.
That means...
Yes...it means that
after all this time...
(chuckles)
I will finally have
my revenge!
Attack!
Hyper Neutron Blast!
Well done,
Mr. Kaiba!
A success on every level.
You should be proud.
I am.
The Duel Link Solidvision System
is a technological marvel.
It's far superior to any design
that's come before it.
It's sleeker, more precise.
It gives me real-time data
from Kaibacorp's
Crystal Cloud Network,
and when used in tandem
with my new Duel Disk,
it gives life to all the cards
I've collected
through the years.
It can even give life
to my very thoughts!
After all, since it's directly
connected with my brain,
anything I imagine
can become a reality.
Just as you all witnessed
with the Pharaoh.
He proved to be
an exact replica.
And you defeated him
soundly, sir.
I concur,
it was no contest.
(Kaiba)
Quiet, you sniveling sycophants!
(all gasp)
It's true, I went
to a great deal of trouble
recreating the Pharaoh's deck,
strategies,
even his perfectly coiffed hair.
In fact, that part
is what took the longest.
But still...
it wasn't the real Pharaoh,
so I didn't really beat him.
And until I do, my scars
of defeat will continue to burn!
Fire whoever
designed that bottle.
Kaibacorp products
shouldn't bend that easily.
(all)
Yes, understood!
(thinking)
I will face you, Pharaoh.
You can't hide forever.
(beeping)
Hmm?
(Mokuba)
Seto! Seto!
I got some good news, bro!
We found it!
Pharaoh.
Hey, there.
Super cute,
like movie star cute.
You're a big dog!
He's trained.
Tristan,
isn't that Joey's Duel Disk?
You got serious guts
taking it apart like that!
Nah, it's cool, Duke--
it's been acting up
so he asked me to fix it.
Hey, what are you
looking at there, Yugi?
What? Oh...
This article...
Wait...
it's those bullies.
Says here that they all just
disappeared without a trace.
And they're
still missing?
Mm-hmm. Gets worse,
the article says
there's been a whole bunch of
these cases all around here!
Not just here, the whole world.
I saw online something about
50 people vanishing all at once.
What?
No way.
Anyway, enjoy your lunch!
Thank you, Duke,
we'll try...
But how do you enjoy
your lunch
knowing someone's out there
taking people?
That someone could be
watching us right now.
True... but I think they're all
pretty harmless, Bakura...
Look.
Huh?
Hi, Bakura!
Hi!
It's the accent,
gets 'em every time!
(laughing)
(Kaiba)
Attention, people of Domino!
Huh?
It is I, Seto Kaiba!
And once again, I am about
to change your lives!
With the next generation
of Duel Disk...
your reality will become
even more real.
You're welcome, Domino!
You're welcome world!
A brand-new Duel Disk?!
Looks pretty cool...
and pricey.
Ya just know that jerk Kaiba's
gonna charge a fortune for it.
(Tristan)
No problem, you'll just have to
man up and work some overtime.
Or should I say dog up?
(chuckles)
Hey!
What have you done
with my Duel Disk, Tristan?!
You broke it!
Huh?
And... 'cause you did...
you owe me!
Owe you?
You asked me to fix it!
And now I'm askin'...
for a new one!
(grunting)
Guys, chill out already.
(gaps)
Hey!
Beat it, ya mutt!
(Tristan)
You need to be put
back on a leash!
No!
My balloon!
Way to go.
Hey!
Wheeler!
I've told you...
no clowning around here!
This job isn't a joke!
Selling ice cream
is not a laughing matter!
You've turned my business
into a circus!
(Aigami)
When the Pharaoh
leaves this world,
the power of the Plana
will be granted.
But should he ever return,
this power will be recanted.
Our dear master Shin told us
this prophecy,
a prophecy that has come true.
When Yugi sent the Pharaoh
to the great beyond,
we attained the Plana,
the magic to remake
the very fiber of reality.
And I shall wield this power
to avenge you...
Master Shin.
(children)
No, Diva.
Do not let your emotions
control you.
But what happened to Master Shin
cannot be forgiven.
You must forgive.
You must not forgive.
(echoing...)
(Sera)
Diva... you must resist
your dark urges.
Good cannot grow from evil.
That is what Master Shin
taught you.
Or have you forgotten
his teachings?
Not for a single moment.
Even now his words still echo...
But so do the memories of what
happened that fateful night
and the days that led to it.
I cannot, I will not
forget them.
They remind me
that I must make him pay
for what he did to Master Shin.
And since he's in Domino...
that's where I must go!
No, diva!
Come back!
(Manny)
Diva... Diva!
It's not too late
to change your mind.
My friend, I doubt Master Shin
would desire revenge.
This is not revenge, Manny.
This is simply doing
what is right and just.
Come now, Diva,
you know that's not so.
I must do what I must do.
But at what cost?
At any cost.
Understand, Manny.
There is nothing wrong
with eradicating evil.
And no one is more evil
than him!
(gasps)
But Diva...
It's been found!
Just as we feared!
Mr. Kaiba has arrived!
Hey there, bro!
You grace us
with your presence, sir!
Have all the pieces
been accounted for?
Each and every one, sir!
So this is it...
the spot where the Pharaoh
and little Yugi Muto
had their final duel.
Where the Pharaoh
left this world.
As you requested sir,
the pieces were placed
in our most sophisticated
security apparatus
so that no one would disturb
them before your arrival.
Motion sensor technology,
reinforced puncture proof glass,
I can assure you,
no expense was spared.
Load it into the chopper
at once.
I plan to reassemble it today.
Right away sir!
Reassemble it?
You do realize
it took Yugi eight years
to complete the puzzle,
don't you?
That's because Yugi's
a simple-minded child.
Let's go!
Sorry, sir.
The system's on a time delay
for extra security.
It'll be a moment.
In that case, why don't
you introduce yourself?
We have a visitor
with us, Mokuba.
That's right.
I know you're here.
So show yourself, Aigami.
Or would you prefer your
other nomenclature, Diva.
(chuckling)
You know my real name.
Most impressive, Seto Kaiba.
But I'd expect no less!
So nice to meet you.
My network of security tech
says that you were in the town
of Domino minutes ago.
How is it you're suddenly here?
With a power
you can't possibly comprehend.
It's a kind of magic...
the same magic these others
have used to arrive here.
And unlike your tech,
magic has no limits.
What's this guy's deal?
I assume you're here to take
the Millennium Puzzle.
Make that
my Millennium Puzzle.
Oh, it's yours, is it?
(chuckles)
We'll see about that.
No, we won't.
No false moves, kid.
Whoa!
You got me!
Or... do you?
Stop, now!
But there is no stopping us,
for we wield the power
of the Plana.
And this is what happens
when you meddle with us!
I gotta be dreaming!
This isn't happening!
(grunting)
Help me!
Stop!
What are you doing?!
Nothing much.
I'm just sending him away...
to a dimension
that he may not enjoy.
For you
see, we are the Plana...
the next evolution
of enlightenment,
a collective of souls who will
rid this world of all evil.
They are wise to run,
but at the same time,
foolhardy because there is no
escape from what's coming.
Not for them and most certainly
not for you, Seto Kaiba.
Because let's be truthful,
you're the worst of them all.
You have gone to great lengths
to create your very own
collective.
One where everyone serves you,
whether they be a consumer...
or an employee.
You want to control everything.
But no matter,
it's all coming to an end.
And as you just saw,
we've already begun...
banishing evil ones
to an alternate dimension...
where they will receive
just what they deserve.
Those reports about people
vanishing all over the world...
they must be 'cause of him!
Ah, so you know my work.
And we won't rest
until every evil soul
in this world suffers
that same fate.
But don't take my word for it,
Kaiba...
See for yourself, after all,
you're next up on our list!
Farewell, Kaiba...
and good riddance!
Seto, no!
I think not!
No one orders around Seto Kaiba!
No one!!
What?
What's happening?
He survived?
Diva...
how is this possible?
The Plana is all-powerful.
He should not have
been able to repel it.
You said tech has its limits.
Wrong.
There are no limits when you're
as brilliant as Seto Kaiba!
(laughing)
Clever... however...
I cannot permit you
to resurrect the Pharaoh.
Please.
You can't stop me.
Perhaps not like the others,
but I have alternate methods
at my disposal...
such as my cards.
As do I...
so cease your
brainless stammering
and let's get on with it!
(Aigami chuckling)
I was hoping
you'd feel that way.
Yes, let us duel...
but this duel, Seto Kaiba...
...will be unlike any
you've ever had before!
(gasps)
What's going on?!
Mr. Mokuba, look up!
What's that?
Be careful, Diva.
Kaiba is a formidable
adversary....
Let's duel!
I'll do the honors...
I draw!!!
What's this?!
I can summon my
high-level monsters
without paying any cost?
(Aigami)
Correct.
In this duel,
you won't be summoning monsters
in the normal fashion.
You'll be Dimension Summoning.
Furthermore, you are allowed
to choose how many attack
and defense points
each of your monsters have.
And how do I do that
exactly?
By infusing
your spirit energy.
But you can't exceed your
monster's original point total.
Fine then.
These new rules will
make crushing you
simpler than before!
Here goes!
I Dimension Summon!
Rise up!
(yelling)
Krystal Dragon!
(roaring)
Then...
I'll end with these!
I see you've spirited
your monster's attack points
to the max, but...
there's something
you should know.
In a dimension duel...
if your monster's destroyed,
you don't take battle damage...
you take damage equal...
to its attack points!
Speaking of monsters, it's time
to bring out one of mine.
And as you can see,
it's a looker!
Feast your eyes on,
Vijam the Cubic Seed!
You're keeping
its attack points at zero?
Correct, Seto Kaiba...
I end my turn.
Not surprising.
You cower from power...
while I...
embrace it!
I summon another
Krystal Dragon!
Now... attack Vijam!
Where'd it go?
To another dimension
that's well out
of your Krystal Dragon's
range of attack.
And there's more...
No way!
This is what happens
when a monster attacks Vijam.
It loses its special abilities
and its ability to attack.
So you've neutralized it.
Guess it's a good thing...
I have a spare ready to go!
Not for long...
not with my trap card!
Cubic Ascension
summons another Vijam
that you're forced to attack!
Now both your dragons
are out of commission.
(groaning)
You're wrong!
Behold...
I activate...
Dragon's Orb!
This trap card not only restores
Krystal Dragon's abilities,
but I also get to draw...
two Blue-Eyes
out from my deck!
You know...
why should I stop
at two Blue-Eyes...
when I can Dimension Summon
a third one!
Blue-Eyes Alternative
White Dragon!
Unleash your rage,
Blue Eyes...
Blue Lightning!
Not bad,
but unfortunately...
Just before your attack landed,
I played the trap Cubic Rebirth.
Not only does it
negate your attack...
it also allows me
to summon yet another Vijam.
Oh, but fortunately for you,
you get to summon
the two Blue-Eyes in your hand.
Oh, wait.
Did I say "fortunately"?
I lied.
They suffer the same fate
as your other dragons!
Fine.
(chuckling)
Upset?
Then I've got bad news...
you really won't like this!
I Dimension Summon!
Say goodbye for now
to one of my Vijam's...
and hello to Dark Garnex
the Cubic Beast!
(growls)
Whoa!
His monster transformed?
Yes.
Dark Garnex absorbed
Vijam's essence
to gain 1000 attack points.
Attack points it'll use
to great effect!
(straining)
With your dragon gone,
my Cubic Beast
transforms back into Vijam,
but...
the fun isn't over.
Know why?
Because I'm combining
and transforming more Vijams!
Forge into a new Cubic Beast!
A Cubic Beast
that is twice as powerful!
Blade Garoodia!
It destroys two more
of your monsters.
As your dragons fall
one after another,
so do any hopes
of you winning this duel!
Face it.
You are finished!
I use all three of my Vijams
to Dimension Summon once more!
Emerge, Buster Gundil
the Cubic Behemoth!
This monster can attack
three times.
First, shatter
his Krystal Dragons!
No! No!
No, Seto!
Aaah! Agh! Ohh.
And with
this final attack...
there will be
nothing left of you!
Farewell!
I play my trap!
Go Counter Gate!
What's this?!
It stops your attack
and I get to draw a card.
And if I should happen
to draw a monster card...
I get to summon it.
That won't be happening.
I play my trap!
Cubic Mandala!
It returns all your dragons
from your graveyard
back to your field so you have
no room to summon a new monster!
Aww, they don't look
so healthy, do they?
It means they've lost
their special abilities!
In other words, you lose!
Can't be...
No...
this won't be how it ends.
Not after everything
I've done.
Not after all the sacrifices
I've made.
Not when I'm so close
to reviving the Pharaoh.
I will duel him again!
(yelling)
What trickery is this?!
I draw!
What's happening?!
Aah!
(snarling)
It's Obelisk the Tormentor!
An Egyptian God Card!
But how?!
Those no longer exist!
This can't be.
When the Pharaoh
left this realm,
so did the Egyptian God Cards.
Do my eyes deceive me?
How did Kaiba make
the impossible possible
and raise
from the ancient beyond
one of the Pharaoh's
mightiest monsters?
I activate...
Obelisk's... ability!
By destroying
all of my monsters,
you take damage equal
to Obelisk's attack points!
But your monster
can't use its abilities!
It's no monster...
it's a god!
(gasps)
Attack with Fist of Fury!
(grunting)
(laughs)
All right!
Huh?
Uhh!
Kaiba...
I'm still standing!
(Mokuba)
Big bro!
We're all set!
Let's go!
Oh, no, the puzzle!
The boy's escaping with it!
Later!
I don't think so.
(Kaiba)
Aigami!
To be continued.
Hmm.
I-I don't believe it...
Can it really be?
(groaning)
Huh?
Whoa, did I... oversleep?
This is not my pillow!
(chuckling)
Kaiba?!
You're not my pillow either!
Hey!
That there on your arm,
is that the new Duel Disk?
Yes... it is...
but you can't have it!
You're not worthy!
(laughing)
I am so!
Hey!
Stop laughing!
I am, so, worthy!
I am, sooooooo...
(gasping)
(laughing)
Uh... I am so...
dreaming?
Wake up...
or I'll make it
a nightmare!
(laughing)
Anyway, back to what
I was saying...
"And though we may be
going our own way..."
Why do we gotta rehearse
our graduation anyhow?
Hey, show some respect.
Respect for who?
No one's really listenin',
right, T?
(whimpering)
Tissues!
I need tissues!
(Sera)
Diva.
Diva!
Sera.
I'm told you battled
against Kaiba.
Yes.
I'm afraid he's located
the Millennium Puzzle.
If he's able
to reassemble it...
I know.
The Pharaoh will rise.
But don't worry.
He won't reassemble the puzzle.
He can't.
And even if he could,
it would not matter.
What do you mean?
We'll lose our powers
when the Pharaoh resurrects
in Yugi's body.
That won't be a problem
if I get rid of the body.
You're going too far!
You're blinded by hate,
brother,
and if you don't stop,
it will destroy you.
I still believe in you.
Just consider
what I've said, brother.
I beg you.
It's too late.
(Joey)
Nah, seriously, Yuge,
I heard the whole speech!
So, now that rehearsal's over,
you guys wanna chill?
(Aigami)
Hey... Yugi!
Awesome!
No coming back
from that!
Hooray!
Fun!
(Joey)
Hey, Aigami.
Check it out!
Whadaya think?
Wow, it's a Red-Eyes!
Yeah, me and this card
have been on some adventures!
Hey, what about you?
Do you like dueling, Aigami?
Mm-hmm,
but I'm pretty bad.
Maybe Yugi can give you
some pointers.
Yeah, totally, he's really good,
he even beat Seto Kaiba!
My!
That's impressive!
(Bakura)
That settles it then.
You and Yugi ought
to make plans to duel sometime.
What? Me versus Yugi?
I don't know.
(Yugi)
It's fine, Aigami.
Don't feel pressured...
(Aigami)
No... I mean,
if you're willing...
then, yes...
I'd love to duel you.
Awesome!
And whoever wins
faces this guy!
Now that's a grand prize
worth fightin' for!
I have an even better idea.
Why don't we all get together
later and have a tournament?
Yeah!
I'll be there!
(Joey)
Be ready to lose too,
'cause I'm taking you down!
(Tea)
This'll be fun!
Can't wait.
(woman)
The elevator is on standby
at the ground terminal.
Earth port orbit angle
at 90 degrees west longitude.
Gravitational field stable.
All systems are go.
Repeat, all systems are go.
The preparations
are complete, Mr. Kaiba.
All is set.
Then I'm going to the station.
Roland, while I'm away,
plan for a duel exhibition.
I want to give Domino
a demonstration
of my new Duel Disk.
Sir!
I want it big.
The biggest Domino
has ever seen!
Greetings, Master Kaiba!
I've been expecting you.
The machine is ready.
Then let's get to work.
Affirmative.
The puzzle
reconstruction device
uses a three-dimensional
multi-grid
interlacing laser scanner
to analyze each puzzle piece
and simulate various
compositional patterns
and potential matches
with other pieces.
By utilizing
the zero gravity chamber,
we will have a full
cross-sectional rendering
for each piece from every angle
at well beyond
a sub-atomic level.
Don't you think I know that?
I invented the blasted thing!
Affirmative.
But my AI has recognized
your affinity for being
reminded of your genius.
At the current rate
of assembly,
the millennium puzzle
will be completed
in approximately five hours,
49 minutes, 37 seconds,
43 milliseconds--
Yes, yes, I get the point.
And very soon...
I'll get my glory.
(Aigami)
I can't tell you how much
I've been looking forward
to dueling Yugi.
I've thought of nothing else
all day.
It's going to be
such fun, I'm sure.
Hey, Aigami...
what's with the cube?
This?
Well...
it's precious to me.
Like your Duel Disk is to you.
It looks like
an antique.
Yes, that's because it is.
Someone very special
gave this to me.
You know, Aigami...
my father happened
to be an antiques dealer.
He and I travelled
all over the world together.
In fact, before we
settled down here,
we were living over in Egypt.
Egypt?
You don't say.
Tell me more...
Bakura.
Oh, and don't forget
to lock up!
No way could I build a deck
without this card!
You've gotten me out of more
dueling jams than I can count!
(Sera)
It's lovely.
(gasps)
That golden box.
It has a kind of glow.
Sorry, I didn't
hear you come in.
But... you're right.
This box is very special.
You see...
it's where I keep my duel cards.
Not every one of them,
of course,
just the ones
that are extra precious to me.
Of course, but I think you mean
cards extra precious to you...
and extra precious
to the Pharaoh.
I know, Yugi.
I know of the Pharaoh
because of my master...
Master Shin...
Shadi Shin.
Not long ago,
Master Shin bestowed
on myself and others
a great power.
the power... of the Plana.
This power is so strong,
it can remake this world,
turn it into
someplace beautiful.
A utopia.
But if misused, this power
could do the opposite.
Where are we?
This is the gathering place
of the Plana.
Plana?
We are the ones who carry on
the will of Master Shin.
But there is dissension
among us.
And it could mean trouble
for all of mankind.
I have no one else to turn to
other than you, Yugi.
Who are you?
I am Sera.
Destiny has led me
to you.
So I shall entrust you
with my destiny.
Whoa!
That was... so strange.
No way!
Master Kaibam, it is impossible
to reconstruct the millennium
puzzle any further.
There's no such thing
as impossible.
Stop making excuses
and finish it!
Negative.
Pieces required to complete
assembly are missing.
Diva.
He'll pay.
I... don't feel well.
Uh, what was that?
Are you okay, Bakura?
Please.
You were saying...
about Egypt?
Uh... my... I...
don't want to relive
that memory.
My father received word that an
artifact he'd been searching for
was in a place
called the Valley of the Kings.
It was a special artifact.
One that he'd been looking for
all his life.
So he set off
for this valley to acquire it.
For some reason,
I was worried about his journey,
so I secretly followed him.
I remember the sky.
So peaceful, so clear.
(groans)
No... why am I talking
about this?
I don't want to revisit
the terrible things
that happened that night!
Bakura!
What's going on?
Talk to me, pal!
Hey, what the...
Uh... we take a wrong turn
somewhere?
I know...
I'm dreamin' again!
Or maybe nightmarin'
is a better word.
This is no dream
or nightmare.
What you are experiencing
right now...
is a result of we,
the Plana.
Our powers are transforming
your world right before you.
Your powers?
Aigami,
what are you talking about?!
Ahhh, yes.
I forgot, you're
the slow one, aren't you?
All you need to know
is I need you gone.
I ain't goin' nowhere!
You and your goons
don't scare me none.
But we are outnumbered.
Bakura!
Get up!
We gotta get outta here!
He's zonked!
'Cause a' you!
Rrr!
Violence, huh?
That's so very typical
of your kind.
Kind?
And that's why, Joey...
you'll now be banished
like all of the rest.
Prepare to enter into
a world more fitting
to your primitive
sensibilities.
A dimension that reflects
your own feeble soul!
And in this world, Joey...
you will forever stay!
That's enough outta you!
I... I can't move.
Farewell, Joey!
Now... begone!
(clock chiming)
A piece
of the millennium puzzle...
It's getting late.
Where is everyone?
(door opens)
Hey, Tristan!
Yugi, the playdate
is cancelled!
Wha...
Come on!
Something's happened to Joey!
Huh?!
Huh? Wha?!
Where... am I?
Oh, back here.
Looks like things
are normal again.
Or are they?
Huh?
(Aigami laughing)
(Aigami)
What's wrong, Joey?
You look scared.
Why, you--
Aigami!
What gives?!
(Aigami laughing)
You're trapped in a world
made up of your own thoughts.
An alternate dimension
from which there is no escape.
No way, my world
would have less traffic!
(Aigami)
You're not making
this world, Joey.
Your memories are.
This place, this reality
only exists
as long as your memories do.
But what do you actually
remember, Joey?
Do you remember
your first breath?
Your first laugh?
Do you remember
everything you see?
Every scent?
Every touch?
No wonder you're alone
and isolated
in surroundings so colorless
and dull.
Quit your yappin'!
I'm gettin' outta here!
(Aigami)
Run as fast as you can.
There is no escape.
The power of the Plana
is absolute
and no memory you have
is strong enough to survive it!
Even now, the blinding radiance
of our power spreads.
The only thing you're spreadin'
is the crazy, pal!
And I don't want any!
(Aigami laughing)
What you want is irrelevant.
Here, you only have
what you brought with you.
And anything you forget
is gone forever.
Man, how long is this street
anyway?
For someone as weak
and simple-minded as you, Joey?
Not too much longer.
It will end as soon as you stop
resisting your fate.
Whatever, chump!
I may not be an A student,
or even a C student,
but that don't mean
I can't remember stuff!
Like that's Sanpei's
Grocery Store over there!
Sanpei, where ya going?
You're a fool, Joey...
Do you really think you can win
a battle of wills with me?
No one here knows you exist.
And as we speak, I will erase
these memories one by one.
Every face you've seen.
Every day you've known.
Terminated!
And since a man is nothing
without his memories,
once they're all gone,
you'll be gone, too!
Farewell.
It's just not like Joey...
He'd never abandon
his Duel Disk.
Totally, there's no chance
he'd leave this behind.
I spoke with Joey
earlier in the day
and he said he was hanging out
with Bakura and Aigami.
If we find them,
we might find him!
Bakura, you said you didn't want
to relive the terrible things
that happened that night
in Egypt.
Well, I don't blame you...
because I was there
and I can promise you
it haunts my memories
even more than yours!
(Sera)
Master Shin, tell us again
why you chose us.
Because... as children
you can understand things
in a way no adult ever can.
I don't get it.
Yeah... I mean...
So what if we're children,
Master Shin?
How does that make us
understand things differently?
You see, Diva...
a child's judgment has not yet
been consumed by fear.
So fear... is bad?
That is correct,
because fear...
turns into hate.
(Manny)
Umm... I still
don't get it.
Why does fear
turn into hate?
Because...
fear tricks and clouds
your judgment.
Oh, I think I know
what you're saying now.
When someone is scared,
they can forget
to do the right thing
and lash out...
and end up angry
at the whole world.
Very good, young one.
And they often take out this
anger in the form of aggression.
Sadly, this has been the cause
of the world's failings
for millennia.
Don't worry about me!
Ever since you saved me,
I haven't felt a moment
of fear!
And as long as I'm with you,
I'll never feel fear again!
Young one, that is the very
definition of fear.
It is?
My children...
please, listen closely.
When the seven treasures
are inserted
into the Pharaoh's stone,
the door to the afterlife
will open,
and the Pharaoh's soul
will finally be able to move on.
When this happens,
young ones...
the Plana's power
will be yours to wield...
and wield as you see fit.
Which is why I teach you
these lessons.
Because I may not always be here
to give you guidance.
My hope, however, is that
I will remain in your hearts.
And now, young ones,
there is one last matter.
It is not a lesson
but a warning.
And one you must
always remember.
When the Pharaoh
leaves this world,
the power of the Plana
will be granted.
But...
should he ever return...
this power will be recanted.
Yes, master...
Huh?
(grunting softly)
Young ones...
stay and do not follow.
At last...
I've finally found
this place!
(gasps)
And there it is!
The Ancient Stone!
And just
as the ancient texts said,
the Golden Ring is inside it!
Whatever you want,
I'll pay it!
Just tell me what your price is
and I'll see to it!
I must have that ring!
You are mistaken.
The millennium ring is not
an object one can possess.
It possesses you.
It has powers that even I
do not fully understand.
Great and terrible powers.
So?
I do not care!
I've been searching for it
my whole life!
Please sir!
It is not my place
to interfere...
with what destiny
has in store.
You've been warned.
But if you still want the ring,
it's yours.
Yes, yes, yes, I want it!
What must I do?!
Go take the ring and place it
around your neck.
Yes... yes...
It will decide
if you are worthy.
It feels amazing!
Like nothing I've
ever experienced!
(laughing)
(grunts)
(screaming)
No!
(gasping)
(screaming)
Papa! Papa.
The ring.
Where is it?
Where?
There.
I'll go get it!
Oh, no!
(screaming)
Are you all right?
(evil laughter)
Shadi, your services
will no longer be required.
Now be gone, old man!
No!
Master Shin!
(grunts)
(all gasping)
Master Shin!
Are you okay?!
Say something!
Remember, young ones...
do not give into your fears,
do not give into hate.
One day, the seven treasures
will become one
with the Pharaoh's stone...
you must be ready...
you must find harmony between
the forces of good and evil
like the most precious
of these treasures.
Hold on, Master Shin!
Please hold on!
Diva...
take this.
When the time comes,
use it to wield the power
of the Plana.
You must carry it now,
for my time in this world...
is complete.
Don't leave us!
Please come back.
Don't waste all your tears
on him..
You really ought to save
some for each other!
(screaming)
I like this new host body.
I think we'll be able to do
all kinds of terrible things
together.
(sinister laughter)
(Aigami)
That's right...
it was you, Bakura.
Please, Aigami...
just listen to me--
I don't want to listen...
What I want is
to avenge my master!
I know...
but it wasn't my fault.
The ring did it, not me.
You lie! You're just
trying to save yourself
but it will not work!
I'm not lying!
The ring used to control me,
but it no longer does!
(sobbing)
Still... I am so sorry...
It's not easy to lose someone.
I know because I lost someone
as well on that day.
So you did...
This isn't good!
It's like my memories are
vanishing faster than before!
There's gotta be something
I can do to stand up to this.
Great, now I can't even stand.
My foot!
No, it can't end like this!
It just can't!
Aigami...
please forgive me.
Stay away!
You're the enemy!
Bakura, you ruined my life.
(Manny)
Yes, he did.
He ruined all
of our lives, Diva.
Manny?
Now do it.
Take revenge on Bakura.
You're acting strange,
Manny.
If you won't,
I will.
I'm going to enjoy this, Bakura.
No, Manny, wait,
this isn't like you!
But it is.
The new me.
Impossible!
Is that
the Millennium Ring?
But how?
I found it.
I came upon it
at the shrine
after your duel
with Seto Kaiba.
Manny, listen to me...
The ring has done
something to you!
Something bad.
(laughing)
But it feels so good!
(grunts)
Manny!
Diva...
You are right.
The ring's infected my soul.
I'm trying
to fight it but...
it is so very strong...
(yelling)
Manny!
I'm coming!
Manny...
I'm here.
I'm right here with you.
Must I lose everything?
Master Shin...
now Manny.
Who's next?
All that's left behind
is this Millennium Ring.
(Yugi)
Joey!
(Aigami)
Looking for someone?
Hello, Yugi.
Aigami?
What's going on?
Aigami...
who are you?
There is no Aigami.
I'm Diva and we
are the Plana, and...
we are not ones
to be trifled with.
Yeah? Then spill
what ya did with Joey!
I sent him away
to another dimension,
to a world from which
he will not be returning.
You should know that your friend
Bakura is long gone, as well.
And you'll be joining them soon.
It's your fate.
The fate of all who oppose me.
We'll stop you!
That's just it.
There is no stopping us.
Our power is too great.
And once I banish you,
vessel of the Pharaoh...
it will at long last
be absolute.
Not gonna happen.
Guess this really is it.
No more running...
no more crawling...
so long world...
so long everything...
Guess... Joey's signin' off.
Is that...
Wow!
(gasps)
No way!
Are you okay?!
Hey, it's you guys!
I'm back?
I am and I'm all right!
That's good.
But... how?!
You should be
long gone by now!
You should be nothing!
I'll tell ya how...
some 'a my memories...
are forever!
And that includes those
of my three pals here!
Their friendship withstood
the power of the Plana?
How is that possible?
Where did Diva go wrong?
That's right!
Go back to wherever
you all came from!
But not you, Aigami,
not 'til you hand over Bakura!
This changes nothing,
your fates are all still sealed!
Including Bakura's.
'Til next time.
Wait, stop!
(yelling)
He's gone, Joey...
We'll find Bakura
ourselves.
Hope he's somewhere
we can find him!
Split up!
Right!
Good luck!
Bakura!
Yugi, wait!
I just...
wanna say...
Thank you.
That's all.
You're welcome, I guess?
(thunder)
I don't understand.
The power of the Plana
is supposed to be
the greatest force
in the universe...
Diva... did you really think
you could get away
with stealing the last two
pieces of the Millennium Puzzle?
Ha. You noticed earlier
than I thought you would.
And now this...
a Deprivation Mask.
Clever, now I can't communicate
with the Plana.
That's right, Diva.
Your team of glowy-eyed goons
can sit this one out.
Take him away!
(panting)
My cardio stinks.
(horns honking)
Kaiba?
What are you doing here?
Good to see you, too.
Not long from now, I'll be
introducing my new Duel Disk,
and to mark the occasion,
I'll be holding a tournament
the likes of which has
never been seen.
And you will be taking part
in this tournament, Yugi.
I have bigger issues
to deal with!
No way!
The Millennium Puzzle?
That's right.
Most of it anyway.
But you can be sure
that I'll have it
in its entirety soon enough.
How did you get it?
That's not important.
Yugi... you'll come
to my tournament.
And bring the puzzle piece
that you have.
You know?
But how could you?
I know everything
that goes on in Domino.
What is it?
What are you after?
The same thing
I've always been after.
To show the Pharaoh...
that I'm the greatest!
You will wear the puzzle again
and summon him, Yugi.
Then I will duel him...
and I will defeat him!
But... Kaiba...
(helicopter buzzing)
Be honest, Yugi.
I know you want to see him too.
Hey, Yugi!
Long time no see!
Looking good down there!
I have Diva.
So long as he has the other
missing puzzle piece...
he'll duel in the tournament
as well.
And I'll win
those puzzle pieces
from the both of you
in front of the whole world!
I'll be seeing you
again soon, Yugi,
and after I beat you,
I'll be seeing the Pharaoh!
My box!
(horn honking)
Yugi.
But I...
How'd I get here?
Sera...
I have to know...
why did you give me
this puzzle piece?
I entrusted you with that piece
for one reason...
it may be the only way
to save my brother Diva.
Brother?
He's giving into fear
and anger.
He's losing his way.
But those who are lost don't
always have to stay that way.
He wasn't always like this...
but our lives have been
full of challenges
that could darken
even the strongest of hearts.
Please, Yugi.
Please save
my brother.
He is all that I have.
Please help him remember
who he once was.
(Aigami)
Sera, where are you?
Where are you, Sera?
Sera?
Help!
Hey, what's
the big idea kid?!
Little brat.
Check your wallet.
Sorry.
I'm here.
Lousy beggars.
Pretending to be poor
to get some money.
Now come, we have plenty more
stops on our tour.
Thanks, Sera.
Of course, brother...
Don't worry about me.
I'll be fine.
Wakey, wakey, Diva.
Nice pad.
You can play it cool
if ya like,
but I warn you,
you're on my bro's turf now
so I'd cooperate.
Let's begin.
First off...
we've analyzed your cube.
We know there's a piece
of the Millennium Puzzle inside.
But... what we don't know
is how to get it out.
Of course not,
that requires true intellect.
Your brother may build
a decent Duel Disk...
but when it comes
to the way of the Plana,
he doesn't have the first clue.
And besides, even if you were
able to extract the piece,
you would still require
the second one
to complete the puzzle...
and unfortunately for you
and your idiot brother,
I'm the only one
who knows where it is.
So maybe it's all of you
who should start cooperating
with me.
(chuckles)
Looks like you don't
know everything.
How's that?
We're two steps
ahead of you.
We know where the second piece
is and it's practically ours.
No, you lie!
Yeah, sometimes I do
but not now.
Here... don't take
my word for it.
Look at this.
Sera... no.
(exclaiming excitedly)
Those jets
are giving me goosebumps!
(Tristan)
Man, Joey, this is gonna
be the duel of Yugi's life!
Hope he's ready!
Of course he is!
He knows this might be
the only way
to get Bakura back!
Huh?!
Mayday!
Oh, no, look out!
I gotta
get out of here!
(screaming)
What just happened?
What's goin' on here?!
(Kaiba laughing)
Duelists from
around the world,
what you've just witnessed
is but a taste
of the technology possible
with my new Duel Disk!
That was a hologram?
You owe me a new pair
a' drawers, Kaiba!
This is the start...
of a new dueling era!
An era where the only limits
that we face...
will be those put in place
by our own imagination.
For too long we've been forced
to live in just this reality.
It's tedious, poorly designed
and pathetically constructed.
If the one responsible was in
my employ, I'd have him fired.
I knew that I could do better...
and with just a modicum
of effort...
there's no doubt
I most certainly have!
The time is now to grab
the reigns of the world,
and utilize my new Duel Disk
to create a future...
where the ordinary
can be extraordinary,
the impossible, possible!
I have never settled
for mediocrity
as an acceptable standard
and neither should you!
And when you wield
my Duel Disk...
you will find I've spared
no expense
to make sure you have
pure tech perfection!
So, world,
this is my gift to you!
Go out and grab it!
And when you do attain it,
the next time you catch
yourself wondering
about the great marvels
of the universe...
and who's responsible...
you'll have an answer...
Better yet, a name.
And that name is...
Seto... Kaiba!
(cheering)
Now...
on with the entertainment!
Duelists, rise up!
I've hand selected
these two duelists
because they're the best...
which means they should give me
at least a little bit of a fight
before I crush them completely.
Yugi...
But this duel's about more
than just winning or losing.
Behold!
The Millennium Puzzle!
But it's incomplete,
it's missing two pieces.
And those two pieces
are being held
by the two duelists
you see before you.
Yugi?!
But they're just keeping them
warm until I take them.
(Sera)
Brother, I'm sorry...
But I couldn't tell you
I gave my puzzle piece
to Yugi
Sera...
you're all right.
I'm glad but confused.
I had to do something.
Diva, can you not see
the error of your ways?
I can see fine.
It is you who turns a blind eye
to what must be done.
Now let's get started.
My first opponent...
will be you, Diva!
Wait, Kaiba!
I am going to duel
with Diva first!
He and I have a score
to settle!
We do.
Uh, this is my tournament!
I call the shots!
Not this time.
I have a friend
who's in trouble.
And beating Diva may be
the only way of helping him.
You know me, Kaiba.
you know I'll do anything
for a friend.
So back off!
Or we're gonna have
a problem!
A threat?
Sure, why not?
Now what's it's
gonna be, Kaiba?
Yeah, Yuge!
Very well, then...
I will grant you this favor.
But just this once.
Then let's go.
Well, well...
Yugi.
It was a long time coming.
But we're finally having
our duel.
Listen, Diva.
The piece of the puzzle...
the one that your own sister
gave me is inside.
She's worried about you.
Can't you just release
my friend?
Not happening.
Very well, then you
give me no choice.
We'll settle this in a duel!
(Kaiba)
Yugi!
The new Duel Disk?
Yeah, you'll need it.
Now...
it's time for you to battle!
Ready!
Then let's duel!
Yes... let's.
But first let us go to the realm
of dimensions, Yugi!
Seto!
He's dimension dueling again!
What's going on?
What is this stuff?
Don't get me wrong...
I like pink, but whoa!
What is going on?!
What the...
Please, Yugi.
Please save him.
Whoa.
What are
all these screens?
Dimension dueling, guess I'll
have to learn as I play!
Here goes...
I draw!
Okay...
I infuse my spirit
to Dimension Summon!
Sentry Soldier of Stone!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
(chuckling)
I hope you're a quick study,
Yugi, because in this match...
any mistake will cost you.
I summon Vijam the Cubic Seed!
Then I'll use Vijam...
to Dimension Summon this.
Take to the field...
Geira Guile...
the Cubic King!
By itself, Geira Guile the Cubic
King has zero attack points.
But by absorbing Vijam,
it gains 800.
Plus, you lose
800 life points!
Whirling Windstorm!
Next I play the spell!
Cubic Karma!
Geira Guile absorbs
two more Vijams
to gain even more attack points!
Attack Yugi's
Sentry Soldier of Stone
and pulverize it into rubble!
And you take damage
equal to its defense points!
Oh, no!
You triggered my trap.
Dig of Destiny!
Since I took battle damage,
I get to draw a card!
Draw a million cards
if you want, Yugi.
They won't help you.
Not as long as I have
my Cubic Monsters.
They'll keep transforming
into new and powerful forms!
I Dimension Summon
another Cubic King!
Observe Vulcan Dragni
the Cubic King!
Say hello to Yugi,
won't you?
I don't think...
he heard you!
Attack him directly!
Aaaagh!
Why stop now?
Next...
my Cubic King will
transform itself again.
And reveal to you...
its ultimate form!
A form so powerful,
it's no longer a mere king,
it's become something
even grander.
Behold, Indiora Doom Volt
the Cubic Emperor!
Not good.
One more attack
and Yugi's through!
Farewell,
vessel of the Pharaoh!
And, Pharaoh, farewell
to any chance of your return!
Wrong. I send a monster
to the graveyard
to activate this trap!
Silent Swordsman,
cut the Emperor's
attack points down to size!
You are merely delaying
your demise, Yugi!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Please...
Yes!
I Dimension Summon
a new monster!
Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight!
You max spirited your monster's
attack points again?
Go!
Lance his Cubic Emperor!
Your Cubic Emperor
has been... dethroned.
(laughing)
You can never truly
get rid of my monsters.
It split back
into three Vijams.
Correct.
Then by sending
Cubic Karma to my graveyard,
I eliminate
half your life points!
Man.
I can't watch.
Fight, Yugi!
Ignore your friends.
The sensible move
is to give up.
Then I guess I don't have
a lot of sense.
I will never give up...
not when I have
a friend on the line!
Friendship...
your kind knows nothing
of friendship, just of cruelty!
And that is why
you must be banished!
Because taking you down
is the only way
to guarantee the promise
of the Plana!
The promise of a better world...
a world without hate.
Can you even comprehend
such a place?
Where instead of using people,
you are of use to them?
Maybe you can, Yugi Muto.
Maybe you are
the exception.
Maybe you should join us...
and together we can remake this
world into one without hate,
where no one has to live
a single moment of fear,
a world of our own design.
I'll never join you.
You say that we hate.
Well, from what I've seen,
that's all that fuels you.
So there's no way you can
create a world without it.
Diva.
You don't know what you're
talking about, Yugi!
You don't know
what I've gone through.
What I've seen.
But perhaps you'll understand
once I show you...
I'm so tired, Diva.
I know, Sera,
it's been a long day.
(pounds table)
You must take me for a fool!
Out all day and this is
all you say you've earned?!
No food for you!
Or anyone!
I'm sorry.
It's my fault we're
not eating tonight.
No... you know
that's not true.
No matter how much money
we bring back,
it's never good enough.
Yeah.
But... if you're
hungry, hug a pillow.
It almost feels
like you just had a big meal!
Here...
I prefer ice cream.
Huh?
(laughter)
Hey!
What's so funny?!
Oh, now you're
not laughing, eh?
That's what I thought!
Fear not, children.
I come in peace.
And I bring with me
wonderful news.
You...
are all free.
Why you...
(grunting)
Why can't... I move?!
Those who have had
the most wretched lives...
deserve the most beautiful.
Together we will create
that beauty.
Diva!
Your brother is fine.
As you all will be.
(straining)
People like you...
are why I am here.
You will harm no one else.
Except you!
You'll pay!
Master Shin...
he saved us all,
and it won't be for nothing!
I'll do whatever it takes
for the Plana to survive!
And no one's going to stop me!
No, Diva.
Serve me again, Indiora Doom
Volt the Cubic Emperor!
(coughing)
You may have gotten
your Indiora back...
but its return also
powers up Lord Gaia!
(roaring)
Rah!
You know nothing of power!
I play the spell Cubic Wave!
While my monster's
attack points are doubled,
yours are cut in half!
Aw, man.
Fight!
You're finished, Yugi!
And with your defeat,
so is Kaiba's plan
to resurrect the Pharaoh!
And I will never lose
the power of the Plana!
Cubic Emperor,
attack and erase the vessel!
I don't think so.
What?
We're not through...
not at all.
Go!
The Trap Dimension Sphinx!
Since your monster has
over twice the attack points
of mine,
the difference is dealt
to you as damage!
But... so what?!
My attack still ends you!
Not when I play
my second trap!
Dimension Guardian!
It keeps Gaia
from being destroyed!
Are you through?!
Not yet!
'Cause now I play...
my third trap card!
A third trap?
Dimension Mirage!
Since you failed
to destroy my monster,
your monster is forced
to attack again!
Oh, no...
That would mean...
you trapped me!
That's right.
Indiora is caught
in a perpetual attack loop!
Which, thanks
to my three trap cards,
will result in you losing life
points with every attack!
(screaming)
And with no way
to escape my combo,
you know what that means.
This duel between us
is all but over.
Diva, I know you fight
for a cause
and that you believe
it's a noble one...
but when you fight using
hate to achieve peace...
you've already lost.
Now for the sake of Bakura
and for us all...
I'm ending this!
Master Shin...
Yugi just won...
(cheering)
Master...
I've failed you.
The puzzle piece.
Diva lost.
The Pharaoh
will resurrect.
What will
become of us?
Stay calm everyone.
The fate of our future
is for Yugi to decide.
Oh, man.
That was a close one, huh?
Okay, so Yugi won,
but where's Bakura?
(gasps)
What is that?
What's that light?
Is it him?!
'Scuse me!
Comin' through, guys!
Pardon me!
Bakura!
You're okay!
Whoa... where am I?
With friends!
Yuge!
We got him!
Ya did it!
He's back!
Yugi... the two puzzle pieces...
you now have
them both, yes?
So, Kaiba...
once again it's down
to you and me...
just like old times.
No, you aren't the one
that I want to duel, Yugi.
I want the Pharaoh.
You will complete
the Millennium Puzzle
and release
the Pharaoh's spirit,
bringing him back
into your body.
This is not a request.
This matter is not up
for debate.
Listen to me, Kaiba.
I understand how badly
you want to battle Atem.
I do.
More than you know.
But the reality is--
No more words!
Yugi... if you won't
release him willingly,
I'll just have to force you!
And Pharaoh, if you can hear me,
prepare to be crushed!
Let's do this!
Make your move, Yugi.
Very well, Kaiba...
I draw!
I summon Marshmacaron
in defense mode!
Then I'll end my turn
with two facedowns.
Is that all?
Fine then, it's my turn!
Fly in, Assault Wyvern!
Now, slice and dice that blob!
That's much appreciated,
Kaiba...
'Cause you've just created
double the trouble for yourself!
Then let's give this a try...
Assault Wyvern's ability
allows me
to summon the legendary
Blue-Eyes White Dragon!
Next I play Dragon's
Fighting Spirit!
My Blue-Eyes gains
an additional attack...
for every monster
that you have out on the field!
Now go, Blue Eyes,
Triple White Lightning Attack!
I activate Dark Horizon!
I may have taken damage,
but that has allowed me
to summon my dear friend,
Dark Magician!
I look forward
to destroying him.
When I'm ready.
It's your move, Yugi.
Here goes!
I draw!
With this...
I end my turn.
A single facedown?
Why, Yugi, it's like
you're not even trying anymore.
Blue-Eyes, attack!
Now!
I activate my trap!
Metamorphortress!
Can't get to me now, Kaiba
Not with your Blue-Eyes.
Lucky move.
My turn!
It's my Castle's
turn to show...
it packs a punch!
Heh. You think you've taken
things to the next level.
Very well.
You've given me no choice
but to ritual summon
and take things
to the maximum level!
You said I couldn't get
to you with Blue-Eyes.
Well, I can with this!
Blue-Eyes Chaos Max Dragon!
What was it the Pharaoh
used to say?
Playtime is over?
Well, soon it will be!
Attack!!!
When Chaos Max Dragon destroys
a monster in defense mode,
you still take damage,
double the damage!
Now, how's that
for storming the castle?
(grunting)
You haven't defeated
me yet, Kaiba,
because like Atem
always taught me...
I duel to the end!
And it's not the end yet!
I summon
Apple Magician Girl!
(laughs)
All right...
if your monster
is so tough...
then let's see
if it can take her down!
You fight me with fruit?
Don't mock me!
Chaos Max Dragon,
pulverize her!
Thanks, because when Apple
Magician Girl is attacked,
she can bring out her friend!
And this friend's bound
to leave a sour taste
in your mouth.
She's Lemon Magician Girl!
And your dragon's attack
is diverted to her!
But that's not all,
she cuts the strength
of your attack in half!
Try making lemonade
out of that!
There's more.
Like Apple Magician Girl,
Lemon Magician Girl
also calls up her friend!
The one-and-only
Dark Magician Girl!
Zap away Chaos Max Dragon's
attack points!
(gasping)
You really hate dragons,
don't you?
But no matter
how many dragons you destroy,
they'll never go extinct!
Watch as the Relentless arrives
from the far reaches of light
and space seeking vengeance!
Witness Deep-Eyes
White Dragon!
Deep-Eyes inflicts damage for
every dragon in my graveyard.
Feel their wrath!
I'm not done, Yugi.
Deep-Eyes gets Chaos Max
Dragon's attack points!
I don't think even the Pharaoh
can save you anymore!
You're finished!
I play my trap...
Magician's Defense!
The damage I take...
is cut in half!
Your move.
Playing that trap card
saved him, still...
if Yugi doesn't do something
this turn, he's finished!
This is it, Kaiba.
It's all or nothing.
First I have
to give you a card.
So here...
take this one!
By doing so, I can activate
the Spell Magical Contract Door.
It lets me draw
a new monster...
and I'll summon it now!
Break free
from your iron prison!
Gandora-X the Dragon
of Demolition!
Gandora-X's ability
activates!
It destroys any monster
that I choose...
and I choose Deep-Eyes!
(yelling)
And you take damage equal
to its attack points!
Then Gandora-X gains the attack
points of Deep-Eyes.
No!
Not if Deep Eyes
takes Gandora down with it!
Do you see now?
Nothing will get in the way
of me resurrecting the Pharaoh!
But what if it's
not up to you?
Or me, for that matter.
I tried to tell you, Kaiba,
but maybe I need
to show you instead...
Yugi...
The ring?
(screaming)
Help me, Sera!
Help me!
Master Shin!
The Pharaoh...
he has not returned.
He's gone, Kaiba.
Gone forever.
I've known it deep down in
my heart since we said goodbye.
He's no longer
inside the puzzle
because we've gone
our separate ways.
It wasn't easy, it still isn't,
but I had to let him go.
And you have to as well.
I'm sorry.
But this was what destiny
chose for us.
You lie.
He's just afraid!
Scared to come out
and face me!
He knows he's no match
for me...
But it's not going to work,
I'll beat him out of you!
This trap lets me discard
a spell card to activate it.
Kaiba, wait, no!
And the spell I'll activate...
is the one
you foolishly gave me!
Monster Reborn!
Return from the great beyond,
Deep-Eyes White Dragon!
This is it, Yugi, it's over!
I activate the trap...
Final Geas!
All the monsters in both
our graveyards are banished.
But I'm allowed
to bring one of them back!
Him.
Are you ready?
I'm always ready.
Hmm.
Go, Dark Magician!
Dark Magic Attack!
Kaiba!
(chuckles)
(Aigami chuckling)
(clangs)
Huh?
(both gasp)
That's Diva's cube.
(Aigami laughing)
(Yugi)
The Millennium Ring.
What is this?
Aah!
(crowd gasping)
Whoa.
Not good.
(girl whimpers)
(Sera)
Diva, is that you?!
(Aigami, distorted)
Yes, it's me, dear sister.
I'm back.
And better than ever!
Better or worse?
(gasps)
(people gasping)
(man screaming)
(Mokuba)
W-what's happening to them?
And what's coming
out of that cube?!
(groaning and growling)
(Yugi)
Diva?
(Kaiba)
He's looked better.
Diva!
(growls)
(gasps)
Diva, what are you doing?
Diva?
Diva is no longer in control.
I am.
His fear invited me
into his soul.
He has saved me!
And by bonding the Millennium
Ring's dark energies
with his Cube...
I'm stronger
than anyone ever before!
and now, at long last, sister...
I will bring forth
a perfect new world!
The one we've been dreaming of!
No...
(gasps)
When used correctly,
the Plana can create
a world of beauty,
full of peace and harmony.
But if even a single drop
of evil mixes in--
It will remake the world
into a dimension of darkness!
Such is the power of the Cube!
Such is the power
of the eighth Millennium Item!
(screaming and shouting)
(Sera)
This isn't what we wanted.
This isn't
what the Plana is for!
Please... you have to
fight this, dear brother,
for these poor souls
and for Master Shin!
Shin is my master no longer!
That is why I did away with him.
As I will do away
with anyone who opposes me!
Including you, dear sister!
Look out!
Diva...
(Yugi)
Sera!
(laughing)
Yugi Muto and Seto Kaiba...
Now the fun shall truly begin!
♪♪
(Joey)
The darkness...
it's devourin' everything!
Yugi!
Aah...
You know...
Huh?
If I'm going down,
it won't be without a fight.
Do you mean...?
Time to battle.
Diva! Keep your paws
off our dimension!
We'll defeat you together!
Aah... and save the world!
♪♪
Let's duel!
A duel?
Excellent idea.
Why destroy you quickly
when I can savor
the experience slowly?!
♪♪
You will meet your doom,
Yugi Muto and Seto Kaiba!
And it starts with this,
Crimson Nova
the Dark Cubic Lord!
(laughing)
(both groaning)
Diva's willing to sacrifice
his own life points
if he can
do damage to us as well.
(Aigami)
Fool!
You lose
more than life points!
You lose your very life
in this shadow game!
I said I'd destroy you!
And I meant it
quite literally.
Aah! We'll just see about that!
Bring the pain, Pandemic Dragon!
Yah...!
And by paying 500 life points...
Pandemic Dragon lowers
your monster's attack points!
And by weakening your monster,
Pandemic Dragon
automatically destroys it!
(gasps)
Aah. None of my monster's
abilities affected it.
Be careful, Yugi.
(laughing)
It's my turn!
I Dimension Summon
Silver Gadget!
Aah...!
And like every good gadget,
it has a cool function,
I get to summon Gold Gadget!
Aah...!
Then I'll end my turn
with this!
I expected more from you.
It only makes this easier.
Attack!
Now! I play my trap!
Metalhold the Moving Blockade,
and you better believe
it can hold some metal...
my two Gadget Monsters,
to be precise!
Metalhold,
load and fire your cannons!
Pathetic.
Aah!
You're not the only one
with traps, Yugi.
And this brings two more
Crimson Novas to join my ranks.
(laughing)
I'm getting really tired
of that laugh.
Rip Pandemic Dragon apart!
When my monster is destroyed,
yours weakens.
(Aigami)
Ha! You harmed
your own partner!
Nice teamwork.
Aah!
I'm not finished!
My Crimson Novas
can attack you again...
and this time, you have
nothing to defend with!
I have Spiritual Swords
Of Revealing Light!
It creates a barrier
to protect us!
However, the price
of playing it is steep.
2,000 life points.
All from me.
Aah...!
Yugi!
It's cool, I'm okay.
(Aigami laughing)
You won't be soon, Yugi,
not when I activate
yet another trap card!
I channel all the hatred of the
shadows with my Millennium Ring
to fuse together
my three Crimson Novas
into the ultimate fiend
of despair!
Crimson Nova Trinity,
the Dark Cubic Lord!
4500 attack points?!
Crimson Nova Trinity
can't attack
unless you feed it life points.
Life points
that I take from you!
(groaning)
Now, which of you pests shall be
the first to perish?
I choose... Yugi!
(Kaiba)
Oh, no, you don't!
Go, Krystal Avatar!
Your attack switches to me!
But, Kaiba...
you won't survive this!
Aah!
(gasps)
Kaiba!
Why did you do that?
For him.
The Pharaoh.
Take this.
(chain rattling)
(gasps)
(groans)
Kaiba!
Bring him back, Yugi.
(gasps)
But Kaiba... he's gone...
Do not grieve for him.
After all, Yugi Muto...
you're about to be joining him!
Feel our wrath!
I send Clear Kuriboh
to the graveyard
so that I won't take any damage!
(groans)
That's not good enough, Yugi!
Crimson Nova Trinity can still
cut your life points in half!
(screaming)
Face it. You've lost!
The whole world has lost.
And now a new world of darkness
will commence!
For all of eternity!
Now, Yugi, be gone!
I must keep fighting.
(groaning)
I still believe...
in the... heart of
the...
cards...
No! What's this?!
(tone echoing)
♪♪
This... can't be!
The Pharaoh has returned.
♪♪
(screaming)
(groaning)
♪♪
(Sera)
Diva...
(gasps)
Sera... what have I done?
It wasn't you.
But the Pharaoh
did return... so...
Our powers are gone.
Manny.
Diva.
But it is for the best.
(Joey)
Yugi... you actually
saw the Pharaoh?
Mm-hmm. Yeah, and it was
great seeing him again.
How's he doing?
Good.
(Joey)
So, like, be honest.
He asked all about me,
didn't he?
Oh...
Please!
Sure he did.
He wished us well.
(Kaiba)
I said he'd be back.
Hate to say I told you so
but... told you so.
You were right.
I thought the Pharaoh
would never return.
But you never stopped believing.
Hmm. You have your bond
with him...
and I have mine.
Take care, Yugi...
until our paths cross
once again.
See ya later!
Till next time.
Goodbye...
and thank you!
♪♪
(music, no dialogue)
(Mokuba)
Big bro!
The new Duel Disk numbers
are in!
It's a big hit!
Thank you
for the update, Mokuba...
but I really need
to concentrate right now..
Big bro, are you sure you want
to go through with this?
We haven't even tested
this prototype.
It's too dangerous.
Seto?
Seto!
It's time.
Mokuba, you're in charge.
Seto...
promise you'll come back.
Duel Dimension System, activate!
(whirring)
♪♪